Changes as part of Copilot Embedded Chat host changes (#883)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOContainerTypeConfiguration.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, `-OutVariable`, `-OutBuffer`, `-PipelineVariable`, `-ProgressAction`, `-Verbose`, `-WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_commonparameters).
```
